# created by a script for Ansys V14
# Hlp_C_CmdTOC.html
~CAT5IN - Transfers a .CATPart file into the ANSYS program.
~CATIAIN - Transfers a CATIA model into the ANSYS program.
~PARAIN - Transfers a Parasolid file into the ANSYS program.
~PROEIN - Transfers a Creo Parametric part into the ANSYS program.
~SATIN - Transfers a .SAT file into the ANSYS program.
~UGIN - Transfers a NX part into the ANSYS program.
A - Defines an area by connecting keypoints.
AADD - Adds separate areas to create a single area.
AATT - Associates element attributes with the selected, unmeshed areas.
ABEXTRACT - Extracts the alpha-beta damping multipliers for Rayleigh damping.
*ABBR - Defines an abbreviation.
ABBRES - Reads abbreviations from a coded file.
ABBSAV - Writes the current abbreviation set to a coded file.
ABS - Forms the absolute value of a variable.
ACCAT - Concatenates multiple areas in preparation for mapped meshing.
ACCOPTION - Specifies GPU accelerator capability options.
ACEL - Specifies the linear acceleration of the global Cartesian reference frame for the analysis.
ACLEAR - Deletes nodes and area elements associated with selected areas.
ADAMS - Performs solutions and writes flexible body information to a modal neutral file (Jobname.MNF) for use in an ADAMS analysis.
ADAPT - Adaptively meshes and solves a model.
ADD - Adds (sums) variables.
ADDAM - Specifies the acceleration spectrum computation constants for the analysis of shock resistance of shipboard structures.
ADELE - Deletes unmeshed areas.
ADGL - Lists keypoints of an area that lie on a parametric degeneracy.
ADRAG - Generates areas by dragging a line pattern along a path.
AESIZE - Specifies the element size to be meshed onto areas.
AFILLT - Generates a fillet at the intersection of two areas.
AFLIST - Lists the current data in the database.
AFSURF - Generates surface elements overlaid on the surface of existing solid elements and assigns the extra node as the closest fluid element node.
*AFUN - Specifies units for angular functions in parameter expressions.
AGEN - Generates additional areas from a pattern of areas.
AGLUE - Generates new areas by "gluing" areas.
AINA - Finds the intersection of areas.
AINP - Finds the pairwise intersection of areas.
AINV - Finds the intersection of an area with a volume.
AL - Generates an area bounded by previously defined lines.
ALIST - Lists the defined areas.
ALLSEL - Selects all entities with a single command.
ALPHAD - Defines the mass matrix multiplier for damping.
AMAP - Generates a 2-D mapped mesh based on specified area corners.
AMESH - Generates nodes and area elements within areas.
/AN3D - Specifies 3-D annotation functions
ANCNTR - Produces an animated sequence of a contoured deformed shape.
ANCUT - Produces an animated sequence of Q-slices.
ANCYC - Applies a traveling wave animation to graphics data in a modal cyclic symmetry analysis.
ANDATA - Produces a sequential contour animation over a range of results data.
ANDSCL - Produces an animated sequence of a deformed shape.
ANDYNA - Produces an animated sequence of contour values through substeps.
/ANFILE - Saves or resumes an animation sequence to or from a file.
ANFLOW - Produces an animated sequence of particle flow in a flowing fluid or a charged particle traveling in an electric or magnetic field.
/ANGLE - Rotates the display about an axis.
ANHARM - Produces a time-transient animated sequence of time-harmonic results or complex mode shapes.
ANIM - Displays graphics data in animated form.
ANISOS - Produces an animated sequence of an isosurface.
ANMODE - Produces an animated sequence of a mode shape.
ANMRES - Performs animation of results over multiple results files in an explicit dynamic structural analysis or fluid flow analysis with remeshing.
/ANNOT - Activates graphics for annotating displays (GUI).
ANORM - Reorients area normals.
ANSOL - Specifies averaged nodal data to be stored from the results file in the solution coordinate system. 
ANSTOAQWA - Creates an AQWA-LINE input file from the current ANSYS model.
ANSTOASAS - Creates an ASAS input file from the current ANSYS model.
ANTIME - Produces a  sequential contour animation over a range of time.
ANTYPE - Specifies the analysis type and restart status.
/ANUM - Specifies the annotation number, type, and hot spot (GUI).
AOFFST - Generates an area, offset from a given area.
AOVLAP - Overlaps areas.
APLOT - Displays the selected areas.
APPEND - Reads data from the results file and appends it to the database.
APTN - Partitions areas.
ARCLEN - Activates the arc-length method.
ARCTRM - Controls termination of the solution when the arc-length method is used.
AREAS - Specifies "Areas" as the subsequent status topic.
AREFINE - Refines the mesh around specified areas.
AREMESH - Generates an area in which to create a new mesh for rezoning. 
AREVERSE - Reverses the normal of an area, regardless of its connectivity or mesh status.
AROTAT - Generates cylindrical areas by rotating a line pattern about an axis.
ARSCALE - Generates a scaled set of areas from a pattern of areas.
ARSYM - Generates areas from an area pattern by symmetry reflection.
ASBA - Subtracts areas from areas.
ASBL - Subtracts lines from areas.
ASBV - Subtracts volumes from areas.
ASBW - Subtracts the intersection of the working plane from areas (divides areas).
ASEL - Selects a subset of areas.
*ASK - Prompts the user to input a parameter value.
ASKIN - Generates an area by "skinning" a surface through guiding lines.
ASLL - Selects those areas containing the selected lines.
ASLV - Selects those areas contained in the selected volumes.
/ASSIGN - Reassigns a file name to an ANSYS file identifier.
ASUB - Generates an area using the shape of an existing area.
ASUM - Calculates and prints geometry statistics of the selected areas.
ATAN - Forms the arctangent of a complex variable.
ATRAN - Transfers a pattern of areas to another coordinate system.
ATYPE - Specifies "Analysis types" as the subsequent status topic.
/AUTO - Resets the focus and distance specifications to "automatically calculated."
AUTOTS - Specifies whether to use automatic time stepping or load stepping.
/AUX2 - Enters the binary file dumping processor.
/AUX3 - Enters the results file editing processor.
/AUX12 - Enters the radiation processor.
/AUX15 - Enters the IGES file transfer processor.
AVPRIN - Specifies how principal and vector sums are to be calculated.
AVRES - Specifies how results data will be averaged when PowerGraphics is enabled.
AWAVE - Specifies input data for an acoustic incident wave.
/AXLAB - Labels the X and Y axes on graph displays.
*AXPY - Performs the matrix operation M2= v*M1 + w*M2.
/BATCH - Sets the program mode to "batch."
BCSOPTION -  Sets memory option for the sparse solver.
BETAD - Defines the stiffness matrix multiplier for damping.
BF - Defines a nodal body force load.
BFA - Defines a body force load on an area.
BFADELE - Deletes body force loads on an area.
BFALIST - Lists the body force loads on an area.
BFCUM - Specifies that nodal body force loads are to be accumulated.
BFDELE - Deletes nodal body force loads.
BFE - Defines an element body force load.
BFECUM - Specifies whether to ignore subsequent element body force loads.
BFEDELE - Deletes element body force loads.
BFELIST - Lists the element body force loads.
BFESCAL - Scales element body force loads.
BFINT - Activates the body force interpolation operation.
BFK - Defines a body force load at a keypoint.
BFKDELE - Deletes body force loads at a keypoint.
BFKLIST - Lists the body force loads at keypoints.
BFL - Defines a body force load on a line.
BFLDELE - Deletes body force loads on a line.
BFLIST - Lists the body force loads on nodes.
BFLLIST - Lists the body force loads on a line.
BFSCALE - Scales body force loads at nodes.
BFTRAN - Transfers solid model body force loads to the finite element model.
BFUNIF - Assigns a uniform body force load to all nodes.
BFV - Defines a body force load on a volume.
BFVDELE - Deletes body force loads on a volume.
BFVLIST - Lists the body force loads on a volume.
BIOOPT - Specifies "Biot-Savart options" as the subsequent status topic.
BIOT - Calculates the Biot-Savart source magnetic field intensity.
BLC4 - Creates a rectangular area or block volume by corner points.
BLC5 - Creates a rectangular area or block volume by center and corner points.
BLOCK - Creates a block volume based on working plane coordinates.
BOOL - Specifies "Booleans" as the subsequent status topic.
BOPTN - Specifies Boolean operation options.
BSAX - Specifies the axial strain and axial force relationship for beam sections.
BSMD - Specifies mass density for a nonlinear general beam section.
BSM1 - Specifies the bending curvature and moment relationship in plane XZ for beam sections.
BSM2 - Specifies the bending curvature and moment relationship in plane XY for beam sections.
BSPLIN - Generates a single line from a spline fit to a series of keypoints.
BSS1 - Specifies the transverse shear strain and force relationship in plane XZ for beam sections.
BSS2 - Specifies the transverse shear strain and force relationship in plane XY for beam sections.
BSTE - Specifies a thermal expansion coefficient for a nonlinear general beam section.
BSTQ - Specifies the cross section twist and torque relationship for beam sections.
BTOL - Specifies the Boolean operation tolerances.
BUCOPT - Specifies buckling analysis options.
C*** - Places a comment in the output.
CALC - Specifies "Calculation settings" as the subsequent status topic.
CAMPBELL - Prepares the result file for a subsequent Campbell diagram of a prestressed structure. 
CBDOF - Activates cut boundary interpolation (for submodeling).
CBMD - Specifies preintegrated section mass matrix for composite-beam sections.
CBMX - Specifies preintegrated cross-section stiffness for composite beam sections.
CBTE - Specifies a thermal expansion coefficient for a composite beam section. 
CBTMP - Specifies a temperature for composite-beam input. 
CDOPT - Specifies format to be used for archiving geometry.
CDREAD - Reads a file of solid model and database information into the database.
CDWRITE - Writes geometry and load database items to a file.
CE - Defines a constraint equation relating degrees of freedom.
CECHECK - Check constraint equations and couplings for rigid body motions.
CECMOD - Modifies the constant term of a constraint equation during solution.
CECYC - Generates the constraint equations for a cyclic symmetry analysis
CEDELE - Deletes constraint equations.
CEINTF - Generates constraint equations at an interface.
CELIST - Lists the constraint equations.
CENTER - Defines a node at the center of curvature of 2 or 3 nodes.
CEQN - Specifies "Constraint equations" as the subsequent status topic.
CERIG - Defines a rigid region.
CESGEN - Generates a set of constraint equations from existing sets.
CFACT - Defines complex scaling factors to be used with operations.
*CFCLOS - Closes the "command" file.
*CFOPEN - Opens a "command" file.
*CFWRITE - Writes an ANSYS command (or similar string) to a "command" file.
/CFORMAT - Controls the graphical display of alphanumeric character strings for parameters, components, assemblies, and tables.
CGLOC - Specifies the origin location of the acceleration coordinate system.
CGOMGA - Specifies the rotational velocity of the global origin.
CGROW - Defines crack-growth information
CHECK - Checks current database items for completeness.
CHKMSH - Checks area and volume entities for previous meshes.
CINT - Defines parameters associated with fracture parameter calculations
CIRCLE - Generates circular arc lines.
CISOL - Stores fracture parameter information in a variable.
/CLABEL - Specifies contour labeling.
/CLEAR - Clears the database.
CLOCAL - Defines a local coordinate system relative to the active coordinate system.
CLOG - Forms the common log of a variable
/CLOG - Copies the session log file to a named file.
CLRMSHLN - Clears meshed entities.
CM - Groups geometry items into a component.
CMACEL - Specifies the translational acceleration of an element component
/CMAP - Changes an existing or creates a new color mapping table.
CMATRIX - Performs electrostatic field solutions and calculates the self and mutual capacitances between multiple conductors.
CMDELE - Deletes a component or assembly definition.
CMDOMEGA - Specifies the rotational acceleration of an element component about a user-defined rotational axis.
CMEDIT - Edits an existing assembly.
CMGRP - Groups components and assemblies into an assembly.
CMLIST - Lists the contents of a component or assembly.
CMMOD - Modifies the specification of a component.
CMOMEGA - Specifies the rotational velocity of an element component about a user-defined rotational axis.
CMPLOT - Plots the entities contained in a component or assembly.
CMROTATE - Specifies the rotational velocity of an element component in a brake squeal analysis.
CMSEL - Selects a subset of components and assemblies.
CMSFILE - Specifies a list of component mode synthesis (CMS) results files for plotting results on the assembly.
CMSOPT - Specifies component mode synthesis (CMS) analysis options.
CMWRITE - Writes node and element components and assemblies to a file.
CNCHECK - Provides and/or adjusts the initial status of contact pairs.
CNKMOD - Modifies contact element key options.
CNVTOL - Sets convergence values for nonlinear analyses.
/COLOR - Specifies the color mapping for various items.
/COM - Places a comment in the output.
*COMP - Compresses the columns of a matrix using a specified algorithm.
COMPRESS - Deletes all specified sets.
CON4 - Creates a conical volume anywhere on the working plane.
CONE - Creates a conical volume centered about the working plane origin.
/CONFIG - Assigns values to ANSYS configuration parameters.
CONJUG - Forms the complex conjugate of a variable.
/CONTOUR - Specifies the uniform contour values on stress displays.
/COPY - Copies a file.
CORIOLIS - Applies the Coriolis effect to a rotating structure.
COUPLE - Specifies "Node coupling" as the subsequent status topic.
COVAL - Defines PSD cospectral values.
CP - Defines (or modifies) a set of coupled degrees of freedom.
CPCYC - Couples the two side faces of a cyclically symmetric model for loadings that are the same on every segment.
CPDELE - Deletes coupled degree of freedom sets.
CPINTF - Defines coupled degrees of freedom at an interface.
/CPLANE - Specifies the cutting plane for section and capped displays.
CPLGEN - Generates sets of coupled nodes from an existing set.
CPLIST - Lists the coupled degree of freedom sets.
CPMERGE - Merges different couple sets with duplicate degrees of freedom into one couple set.
CPNGEN - Defines, modifies, or adds to a set of coupled degrees of freedom.
CPSGEN - Generates sets of coupled nodes from existing sets.
CQC - Specifies the complete quadratic mode combination method.
*CREATE - Opens (creates) a macro file.
CRPLIM - Specifies the creep criterion for automatic time stepping.
CS - Defines a local coordinate system by three node locations.
CSCIR - Locates the singularity for non-Cartesian local coordinate systems.
CSDELE - Deletes local coordinate systems.
CSKP - Defines a local coordinate system by three keypoint locations.
CSLIST - Lists coordinate systems.
CSWPLA - Defines a local coordinate system at the origin of the working plane.
CSYS - Activates a previously defined coordinate system.
/CTYPE - Specifies the type of contour display.
CURR2D - Calculates current flow in a 2-D conductor.
CUTCONTROL - Controls time-step cutback during a nonlinear solution.
/CVAL - Specifies nonuniform contour values on stress displays.
CVAR - Computes covariance between two quantities.
/CWD - Changes the current working directory.
/CYCEXPAND - Graphically expands displacements, stresses and strains of a cyclically symmetric model. 
*CYCLE - Bypasses commands within a do-loop.
CYCLIC - Specifies a cyclic symmetry analysis.
CYCOPT - Specifies solution options for a cyclic symmetry analysis.
CYCPHASE - Provides tools for determining minimum and maximum possible result values from frequency couplets produced in a modal cyclic symmetry analysis.
CYL4 - Creates a circular area or cylindrical volume anywhere on the working plane.
CYL5 - Creates a circular area or cylindrical volume by end points.
CYLIND - Creates a cylindrical volume centered about the working plane origin.
CZDEL - Edits or clears cohesive zone sections.
CZMESH - Create and mesh an interface area composed of cohesive zone elements.
D - Defines degree-of-freedom constraints at nodes.
DA - Defines DOF constraints on areas.
DADELE - Deletes DOF constraints on an area.
DALIST - Lists the DOF constraints on an area.
DAMORPH - Move nodes in selected areas to conform to structural displacements.
DATA - Reads data records from a file into a variable.
DATADEF - Specifies "Directly defined data status" as the subsequent status topic.
DCGOMG - Specifies the rotational acceleration of the global origin.
DCUM - Specifies that DOF constraint values are to be accumulated.
DCVSWP - Performs a DC voltage sweep on a ROM element.
DDELE - Deletes degree-of-freedom constraints.
DDOPTION -  Sets domain decomposer option for Distributed ANSYS.
DEACT - Specifies "Element birth and death" as the subsequent status topic.
DEFINE - Specifies "Data definition settings" as the subsequent status topic.
*DEL - Deletes a parameter or parameters (GUI).
DELETE - Specifies sets in the results file to be deleted before postprocessing.
/DELETE - Deletes a file.
DELTIM - Specifies the time step sizes to be used for this load step.
DEMORPH - Move nodes in selected elements to conform to structural displacements.
DERIV - Differentiates a variable.
DESIZE - Controls default element sizes.
DESOL - Defines or modifies solution results at a node of an element.
DETAB - Modifies element table results in the database.
/DEVDISP - Controls graphics device options.
/DEVICE - Controls graphics device options.
/DFLAB - Changes degree-of-freedom labels for user custom elements.
DIG - Digitizes nodes to a surface.
DIGIT - Specifies "Node digitizing" as the subsequent status topic.
*DIM - Defines an array parameter and its dimensions.
/DIRECTORY - Put the file names in the current directory into a string parameter array.
DISPLAY - Specifies "Display settings" as the subsequent status topic.
/DIST - Specifies the viewing distance for magnifications and perspective.
DJ - Specifies boundary conditions on the components of relative motion of a joint element.
DJDELE - Deletes boundary conditions on the components of relative motion of a joint element.
DJLIST - Lists boundary conditions applied to joint elements.
DK - Defines DOF constraints at keypoints.
DKDELE - Deletes DOF constraints at a keypoint.
DKLIST - Lists the DOF constraints at keypoints.
DL - Defines DOF constraints on lines.
DLDELE - Deletes DOF constraints on a line.
DLIST - Lists DOF constraints.
DLLIST - Lists DOF constraints on a line.
*DMAT - Creates a dense matrix.
DMOVE - Digitizes nodes on surfaces and along intersections.
DMPEXT - Extracts modal damping coefficients in a specified frequency range.
DMPOPTION - Specifies distributed memory parallel (Distributed ANSYS) file combination options.
DMPRAT - Sets a constant damping ratio.
DNSOL - Defines or modifies solution results at a node.
*DO - Defines the beginning of a do-loop.
DOF - Adds degrees of freedom to the current DOF set.
DOFSEL - Selects a DOF label set for reference by other commands.
DOMEGA - Specifies the rotational acceleration of the structure.
*DOT - Computes the dot (or inner) product of two vectors.
*DOWHILE - Loops repeatedly through the next *ENDDO command.
DSCALE - Scales DOF constraint values.
/DSCALE - Sets the displacement multiplier for displacement displays.
DSET - Sets the scale and drawing plane orientation for a digitizing tablet.
DSPOPTION -  Sets memory option for the distributed sparse solver.
DSUM - Specifies the double sum mode combination method.
DSURF - Defines the surface upon which digitized nodes lie.
DSYM - Specifies symmetry or antisymmetry degree-of-freedom constraints on nodes.
DSYS - Activates a display coordinate system for geometry listings and plots.
DTRAN - Transfers solid model DOF constraints to the finite element model.
DUMP - Dumps the contents of a binary file.
/DV3D - Sets 3-D device option modes.
DVAL - Defines values at enforced base.
DVMORPH - Move nodes in selected volumes to conform to structural displacements.
DYNOPT - Specifies "Dynamic analysis options" as the subsequent status topic.
E - Defines an element by node connectivity.
EALIVE - Reactivates an element (for the birth and death capability).
EDADAPT - Activates adaptive meshing in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDALE - Assigns mesh smoothing to explicit dynamic elements that use the ALE formulation.
EDASMP - Creates a part assembly to be used in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDBOUND - Defines a boundary plane for sliding or cyclic symmetry.
EDBX - Creates a box shaped volume to be used in a contact definition for explicit dynamics.
EDBVIS - Specifies global bulk viscosity coefficients for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCADAPT - Specifies adaptive meshing controls for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDCGEN - Specifies contact parameters for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCLIST - Lists contact entity specifications in an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCMORE - Specifies additional contact parameters for a given contact definition in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDCNSTR - Defines various types of constraints for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDCONTACT - Specifies contact surface controls for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCPU - Specifies CPU time limit for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCRB - Constrains two rigid bodies to act as one in an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCSC - Specifies whether to use subcycling in an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCTS - Specifies mass scaling and scale factor of computed time step for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDCURVE - Specifies data curves for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDDAMP - Defines mass weighted (Alpha) or stiffness weighted (Beta) damping for an explicit dynamics model.
EDDBL -  Selects a numerical precision type of the explicit dynamics analysis.
EDDC - Deletes or deactivates/reactivates contact surface specifications in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDDRELAX - Activates initialization to a prescribed geometry or dynamic relaxation for the explicit analysis.
EDDUMP - Specifies output frequency for the explicit dynamic restart file (d3dump).
EDELE - Deletes selected elements from the model.
EDENERGY - Specifies energy dissipation controls for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDFPLOT - Allows plotting of explicit dynamics forces and other load symbols.
EDGCALE - Defines global ALE controls for an explicit dynamic analysis.
/EDGE - Displays only the "edges" of an object.
EDHGLS - Specifies the hourglass coefficient for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDHIST - Specifies time-history output for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDHTIME - Specifies the time-history output interval for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDINT - Specifies number of integration points for explicit shell and beam output.
EDIPART - Defines inertia for rigid parts in an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDIS - Specifies stress initialization in an explicit dynamic full restart analysis.
EDLCS - Defines a local coordinate system for use in explicit dynamics analysis.
EDLOAD - Specifies loads for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDMP - Defines material properties for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDNB - Defines a nonreflecting boundary in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDNDTSD - Allows smoothing of noisy data for explicit dynamics analyses and provides a graphical representation of the data.
EDNROT - Applies a rotated coordinate nodal constraint in an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDOPT - Specifies the type of output for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDOUT - Specifies time-history output (ASCII format) for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDPART - Configures parts for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDPC - Selects and plots explicit dynamic contact entities.
EDPL - Plots a time dependent load curve in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDPVEL - Applies initial velocities to parts or part assemblies in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDRC - Specifies rigid/deformable switch controls in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDRD - Switches a part from deformable to rigid or from rigid to deformable in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDREAD - Reads explicit dynamics output into variables for time-history postprocessing.
EDRI - Defines inertia properties for a new rigid body that is created when a deformable part is switched to rigid in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDRST - Specifies the output interval for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDRUN - Specify LS-DYNA serial or parallel processing.
EDSHELL - Specifies shell computation controls for an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDSOLV - Specifies "explicit dynamics solution" as the subsequent status topic.
EDSP - Specifies small penetration checking for contact entities in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDSTART - Specifies status (new or restart) of an explicit dynamics analysis.
EDTERM - Specifies termination criteria for an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDTP - Plots explicit elements based on their time step size.
EDVEL - Applies initial velocities to nodes or node components in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDWELD - Defines a massless spotweld or generalized weld for use in an explicit dynamic analysis.
EDWRITE - Writes explicit dynamics input to an LS-DYNA input file.
/EFACET - Specifies the number of facets per element edge for PowerGraphics displays.
EGEN - Generates elements from an existing pattern.
*EIGEN - Performs a modal solution with unsymmetric or damping matrices.
EINTF - Defines two-node elements between coincident or offset nodes.
EKILL - Deactivates an element (for the birth and death capability).
ELBOW - Specifies degrees of freedom to be coupled for end release and applies section constraints to elbow elements.
ELEM - Specifies "Elements" as the subsequent status topic.
ELIST - Lists the elements and their attributes.
*ELSE - Separates the final if-then-else block.
*ELSEIF - Separates an intermediate if-then-else block.
EMAGERR - Calculates the relative error in an electrostatic or electromagnetic field analysis.
EMATWRITE - Forces the writing of all the element matrices to File.EMAT.
EMF - Calculates the electromotive force (emf), or voltage drop along a predefined path.
EMFT - Summarizes electromagnetic forces and torques.
EMID - Adds or removes midside nodes.
EMIS - Specifies emissivity as a material property for the Radiation Matrix method.
EMODIF - Modifies a previously defined element.
EMORE - Adds more nodes to the just-defined element.
EMSYM - Specifies circular symmetry for electromagnetic sources.
EMTGEN - Generates a set of TRANS126 elements.
EMUNIT - Specifies the system of units for magnetic field problems.
EN - Defines an element by its number and node connectivity.
*END - Closes a macro file.
*ENDDO - Ends a do-loop and starts the looping action.
*ENDIF - Ends an if-then-else.
ENDRELEASE - Specifies degrees of freedom to be decoupled for end release.
ENERSOL - Specifies the total energies to be stored.
ENGEN - Generates elements from an existing pattern.
ENORM - Reorients shell element normals or line element node connectivity.
ENSYM - Generates elements by symmetry reflection.
/EOF - Exits the file being read.
EORIENT - Reorients solid element normals.
EPLOT - Produces an element display.
EQSLV - Specifies the type of equation solver.
ERASE - Explicitly erases the current display.
/ERASE - Specifies that the screen is to be erased before each display.
EREAD - Reads elements from a file.
EREFINE - Refines the mesh around specified elements.
EREINF - Generates reinforcing elements from selected existing (base) elements.
ERESX - Specifies extrapolation of integration point results.
ERNORM - Controls error estimation calculations.
ERRANG - Specifies the element range to be read from a file.
ESCHECK - Perform element shape checking for a selected element set.
ESEL - Selects a subset of elements.
/ESHAPE - Displays elements with shapes determined from the real constants or section definition.
ESIZE - Specifies the default number of line divisions.
ESLA - Selects those elements associated with the selected areas.
ESLL - Selects those elements associated with the selected lines.
ESLN - Selects those elements attached to the selected nodes.
ESLV - Selects elements associated with the selected volumes.
ESOL - Specifies element data to be stored from the results file.
ESORT - Sorts the element table.
ESSOLV - Performs a coupled electrostatic-structural analysis.
ESTIF - Specifies the matrix multiplier for deactivated elements.
ESURF - Generates elements overlaid on the free faces of existing selected elements.
ESYM - Generates elements from a pattern by a symmetry reflection.
ESYS - Sets the element coordinate system attribute pointer.
ET - Defines a local element type from the element library.
ETABLE - Fills a table of element values for further processing.
ETCHG - Changes element types to their corresponding types.
ETCONTROL - Control the element technologies used in element formulation (for applicable elements). 
ETDELE - Deletes element types.
ETLIST - Lists currently defined element types.
ETYPE - Specifies "Element types" as the subsequent status topic.
EUSORT - Restores original order of the element table.
EWRITE - Writes elements to a file.
*EXIT - Exits a do-loop.
/EXIT - Stops the run and returns control to the system.
EXP - Forms the exponential of a variable.
EXPAND - Displays the results of a modal cyclic symmetry analysis.
/EXPAND - Allows the creation of a larger graphic display than represented by the actual finite element analysis model.
EXPASS - Specifies an expansion pass of an analysis.
*EXPORT - Exports a matrix to a file in the specified format.
EXPROFILE - Exports ANSYS interface loads to a CFX Profile file.
EXPSOL - Specifies the solution to be expanded for reduced analyses.
EXTOPT - Controls options relating to the generation of volume elements from area elements.
EXTREM - Lists the extreme values for variables.
EXUNIT - Indicates units assumed for an interface load for ANSYS to CFX transfer.
F - Specifies force loads at nodes.
/FACET - Specifies the facet representation used to form solid model displays.
FATIGUE - Specifies "Fatigue data status" as the subsequent status topic.
FC - Provides failure criteria information and activates a data table to input temperature-dependent stress and strain limits.
FCCHECK -  Checks both the strain and stress input criteria for all materials.
FCDELE - Deletes previously defined failure criterion data for the given material.
FCLIST - To list what the failure criteria is that you have input.
FCUM - Specifies that force loads are to be accumulated.
FCTYP - Activates or removes failure-criteria types for postprocessing. 
FDELE - Deletes force loads on nodes.
/FDELE - Deletes a binary file after it is used.
FE - Defines a set of fatigue event parameters.
FEBODY - Specifies "Body loads on elements" as the subsequent status topic.
FECONS - Specifies "Constraints on nodes" as the subsequent status topic.
FEFOR - Specifies "Forces on nodes" as the subsequent status topic.
FELIST - Lists the fatigue event parameters.
FESURF - Specifies "Surface loads on elements" as the subsequent status topic.
*FFT - Computes the fast Fourier transformation of a specified matrix or vector.
FILE - Specifies the data file where results are to be found.
FILEAUX2 - Specifies the binary file to be dumped.
FILEAUX3 - Specifies the results file to be edited.
FILEDISP - Specifies the file containing the graphics data.
FILL - Generates a line of nodes between two existing nodes.
FILLDATA - Fills a variable by a ramp function.
/FILNAME - Changes the Jobname for the analysis.
FINISH - Exits normally from a processor.
FIPLOT - Plots a FiberSIM model.
FITEM - Identifies items chosen by a picking operation (GUI).
FJ - Specify forces or moments on the components of the relative motion of a joint element.
FJDELE - Deletes forces (or moments) on the components of the relative motion of a joint element.
FJLIST - Lists forces and moments applied on joint elements.
FK - Defines force loads at keypoints.
FKDELE - Deletes force loads at a keypoint.
FKLIST - Lists the forces at keypoints.
FL - Defines a set of fatigue location parameters.
FLDATA - Sets up a FLOTRAN analysis.
FLDATA1 - Controls which features of the solution algorithm are activated.
FLDATA2 - Sets iteration and output controls for steady state analyses.
FLDATA3 - Sets the convergence monitors for the degree of freedom set.
FLDATA4 - Sets controls for transient analyses based on transient time and convergence monitors or sets time integration method.
FLDATA4A - Sets controls for transient analyses based on the number of time steps.
FLDATA5 - Sets output and storage controls.
FLDATA6 - Controls the output of the convergence monitor.
FLDATA7 - Specifies the type of fluid property.
FLDATA8 - Specifies the NOMI coefficient of the fluid property equation.
FLDATA9 - Specifies the COF1 coefficient of the fluid property equation.
FLDATA10 - Specifies the COF2 coefficient of the fluid property equation.
FLDATA11 - Specifies the COF3 coefficient of the fluid property equation.
FLDATA12 - Sets the property update frequency flag.
FLDATA13 - Sets the property variation flag.
FLDATA14 - Specifies the reference temperature.
FLDATA15 - Specifies the reference pressure.
FLDATA16 - Specifies the bulk modulus parameter.
FLDATA17 - Specifies the specific heat ratio.
FLDATA18 - Selects the algebraic solver.
FLDATA19 - Specifies the number of TDMA sweeps.
FLDATA20 - Specifies the number of conjugate direction search vectors.
FLDATA20A - Specifies the amount of fill-in when preconditioning the coefficient matrix.
FLDATA20B - Specifies the number of fill-ins for the ILU preconditioner.
FLDATA21 - Specifies the convergence criterion for FLOTRAN algebraic solvers.
FLDATA22 - Specifies the maximum number of semi-direct iterations.
FLDATA23 - Specifies the solver minimum normalized rate of change.
FLDATA24 - Sets the turbulence model and the constants used in the Standard k-&#949; Model and the Zero Equation Turbulence Model.
FLDATA24A - Sets constants for the Re-Normalized Group Turbulence Model (RNG).
FLDATA24B - Sets constants for the  k-&#949; Turbulence Model due to Shih (NKE).
FLDATA24C - Sets constants for the Nonlinear Turbulence Model of Girimaji (GIR).
FLDATA24D - Sets constants for the Shih, Zhu, Lumley Turbulence Model (SZL).
FLDATA24E - Sets constants for the k-&#969; turbulence model.
FLDATA24F - Sets the turbulent production clip factor for the Shear Stress Transport (SST) turbulence model.
FLDATA24G - Sets constants in the k-&#969; regime for the Shear Stress Transport (SST) turbulence model.
FLDATA24H - Sets constants in the k-&#949; regime for the Shear Stress Transport (SST) turbulence model.
FLDATA25 - Sets solution and property relaxation factors.
FLDATA26 - Sets stability controls.
FLDATA27 - Controls dependent variable printing.
FLDATA28 - Specifies that variable results are to be replaced.
FLDATA29 - Re-initializes a results variable.
FLDATA30 - Controls the quadrature orders.
FLDATA31 - Specifies dependent variable caps.
FLDATA32 - Controls restart options.
FLDATA33 - Specifies the approach to discretize the advection term.
FLDATA34 - Sets modified inertial relaxation factors.
FLDATA35 - Specifies tolerances for the lower and upper bound of the volume fraction.
FLDATA36 - Specifies ambient reference values outside of the fluid for the volume of fluid (VOF) method.
FLDATA37 - Specifies segregated solution or film coefficient algorithms.
FLDATA38 - Specifies the mass type for a fluid transient analysis.
FLDATA39 - Specifies remeshing parameters for transient fluid flow and fluid-solid interaction analyses.
FLDATA40 - Controls activation of thermal stabilization near walls.
FLIST - Lists force loads on the nodes.
FLLIST - Lists the fatigue location parameters.
FLOCHECK - Sets up and runs a zero-iteration FLOTRAN analysis.
FLOTRAN - Specifies "FLOTRAN data settings" as the subsequent status topic.
FLREAD - Reads the residual file written by the FLOTRAN CFD option.
FLST - Specifies data required for a picking operation (GUI).
FLUXV - Calculates the flux passing through a closed contour.
FMAGBC - Applies force and torque boundary conditions to an element component.
FMAGSUM - Summarizes electromagnetic force calculations on element components.
/FOCUS - Specifies the focus point (center of the window).
FOR2D - Calculates magnetic forces on a body.
FORCE - Selects the element nodal force type for output.
FORM - Specifies the format of the file dump.
/FORMAT - Specifies format controls for tables.
FP - Defines the fatigue S vs. N and Sm vs. T tables.
FPLIST - Lists the property table stored for fatigue evaluation.
*FREE - Deletes a matrix or a solver object and frees its memory allocation.
FREQ - Defines the frequency points for the SV vs. FREQ tables.
FRQSCL - Turns on automatic scaling of the entire mass matrix and frequency range for modal analyses using the Block Lanczos, PCG Lanczos, or Supernode mode extraction method.
FS - Stores fatigue stress components at a node.
FSCALE - Scales force load values in the database.
FSDELE - Deletes a stress condition for a fatigue location, event, and loading.
FSLIST - Lists the stresses stored for fatigue evaluation.
FSNODE - Calculates and stores the stress components at a node for fatigue.
FSPLOT - Displays a fatigue stress item for a fatigue location and event.
FSSECT - Calculates and stores total linearized stress components.
FSSPARM - Calculates reflection and transmission properties of a frequency selective surface.
FSUM - Sums the nodal force and moment contributions of elements.
FTCALC - Performs fatigue calculations for a particular node location.
FTRAN - Transfers solid model forces to the finite element model.
FTSIZE - Defines the fatigue data storage array.
FTWRITE - Writes all currently stored fatigue data on a file.
FVMESH - Generates nodes and tetrahedral volume elements from detached exterior area elements (facets).
GAP - Specifies "Reduced transient gap conditions" as the subsequent status topic.
GAPF - Defines the gap force data to be stored in a variable.
GAUGE - Gauges the problem domain for a magnetic edge-element formulation.
/GCMD - Controls the type of element or graph display used for the GPLOT command.
/GCOLUMN - Allows the user to apply a label to a specified curve.
GENOPT - Specifies "General options" as the subsequent status topic.
GEOM - Defines the geometry specifications for the radiation matrix calculation.
GEOMETRY - Specifies "Geometry" as the subsequent status topic.
*GET - Retrieves a value and stores it as a scalar parameter or part of an array parameter.
/GFILE - Specifies the pixel resolution on Z-buffered graphics files.
/GFORMAT - Specifies the format for the graphical display of numbers.
/GLINE - Specifies the element outline style.
/GMARKER - Specifies the curve marking style.
GMATRIX - Performs electric field solutions and calculates the self and mutual conductance between multiple conductors.
GMFACE - Specifies the facet representation used to form solid models.
*GO - Causes a specified line on the input file to be read next.
/GO - Reactivates suppressed printout.
/GOLIST - Reactivates the suppressed data input listing.
/GOPR - Reactivates suppressed printout.
GP - Defines a gap condition for transient analyses.
GPDELE - Deletes gap conditions.
GPLIST - Lists the gap conditions.
GPLOT - Controls general plotting.
/GRAPHICS - Defines the type of graphics display.
/GRESUME - Sets graphics settings to the settings on a file.
/GRID - Selects the type of grid on graph displays.
/GROPT - Sets various line graph display options.
GRP - Specifies the grouping mode combination method.
/GRTYP - Selects single or multiple Y-axes graph displays.
/GSAVE - Saves graphics settings to a file for later use.
GSBDATA - Specifies the constraints or applies the load at the ending point for generalized plane strain option.
GSGDATA - Specifies the reference point and defines the geometry in the fiber direction for the generalized plane strain element option.
GSLIST - When using generalized plane strain, lists the input data or solutions.
GSSOL - Specifies which results to store from the results file when using generalized plane strain.
/GST - Turns Graphical Solution Tracking (GST) on or off.
GSUM - Calculates and prints geometry items.
/GTHK - Sets line thicknesses for graph lines.
/GTYPE - Controls the entities that the GPLOT command displays.
HARFRQ - Defines the frequency range in a harmonic analysis.
/HBC - Determines how boundary condition symbols are displayed in a display window.
HBMAT - Writes an assembled global matrix in Harwell-Boeing format.
/HEADER - Sets page and table heading print controls.
HELP - Displays help information on ANSYS commands and element types.
HELPDISP - Displays help information on DISPLAY program commands.
HEMIOPT - Specifies options for Hemicube view factor calculation.
HFADP - Turns a high-frequency adaptive error calculation on or off.
HFANG - Defines or displays spatial angles of a spherical radiation surface for antenna parameter calculations.
HFARRAY - Defines phased array antenna characteristics.
HFDEEM - Calibrates S-parameter phase shift.
HFEIGOPT - Specifies high frequency electromagnetic modal analysis options.
HFEREFINE - Automatically refines high-frequency tetrahedral elements (HF119) or lists high-frequency brick elements (HF120) with the largest error.
HFMODPRT - Calculates electromagnetic field distribution for a modal port.
HFPA - Specifies a radiation scan angle for a phased array antenna analysis.
HFPCSWP - Calculates propagating constants and characteristic impedance of a transmission line or waveguide over a frequency range.
HFPOWER - Calculates power terms of a multi-port network.
HFPORT - Specifies input data for waveguide, plane wave, lumped gap, modal, and modal lumped gap ports.
HFSCAT - Specifies a high-frequency scattering analysis.
HFSYM - Indicates the presence of symmetry planes for the computation of high-frequency electromagnetic or acoustic fields in the near and far field domains (beyond the finite element region).
HMAGSOLV - Specifies 2-D or axisymmetric harmonic magnetic solution options and initiates the solution.
HPGL - Specifies various HP options.
HPTCREATE - Defines a hard point.
HPTDELETE - Deletes selected hardpoints.
HRCPLX - Computes and stores in the database the time-harmonic solution at a prescribed phase angle.
HREXP - Specifies the phase angle for the harmonic analysis expansion pass.
HROPT - Specifies harmonic analysis options.
HROCEAN - Perform the harmonic ocean wave procedure (HOWP).
HROUT - Specifies the harmonic analysis output options.
IC - Specifies initial conditions at nodes.
ICDELE - Deletes initial conditions at nodes.
ICE - Specifies initial conditions on elements.
ICEDELE - Deletes initial conditions on elements.
ICELIST - Lists initial conditions on elements.
ICLIST - Lists the initial conditions.
/ICLWID - Scales the line width of circuit builder icons.
/ICSCALE - Scales the icon size for elements supported in the circuit builder.
ICVFRC - Sets the initial volume fraction field for a geometry.
*IF - Conditionally causes commands to be read.
IGESIN - Transfers IGES data from a file into ANSYS.
IGESOUT - Writes solid model data to a file in IGES Version 5.1 format.
/IMAGE - Allows graphics data to be captured and saved. 
IMAGIN - Forms an imaginary variable from a complex variable.
IMESH - Generates nodes and interface elements along lines or areas.
IMMED - Allows immediate display of a model as it is generated.
IMPD - Calculates the impedance of a conductor at a reference plane.
INISTATE - Defines initial state data and parameters.
*INIT - Initializes a vector or dense matrix.
/INPUT - Switches the input file for the commands that follow.
/INQUIRE - Returns system information to a parameter.
INRES - Identifies the data to be retrieved from the results file.
INRTIA - Specifies Inertial loads as the subsequent status topic.
INT1 - Integrates a variable.
INTSRF - Integrates nodal results on an exterior surface.
IOPTN - Controls options relating to importing a model.
IRLF - Specifies that inertia relief calculations are to be performed.
IRLIST - Prints inertia relief summary table.
*ITENGINE - Performs a solution using an iterative solver.
JPEG - Provides JPEG file export for ANSYS displays. 
JSOL - Specifies result items to be stored for the joint element.
K - Defines a keypoint.
KATT - Associates attributes with the selected, unmeshed keypoints.
KBC - Specifies stepped or ramped loading within a load step.
KBETW - Creates a keypoint between two existing keypoints.
KCALC - Calculates stress intensity factors in fracture mechanics analyses.
KCENTER - Creates a keypoint at the center of a circular arc defined by three locations.
KCLEAR - Deletes nodes and point elements associated with selected keypoints.
KDELE - Deletes unmeshed keypoints.
KDIST - Calculates and lists the distance between two keypoints.
KEEP - Stores POST26 definitions and data during active session.
KESIZE - Specifies the edge lengths of the elements nearest a keypoint.
KEYOPT - Sets element key options.
KEYPTS - Specifies "Keypoints" as the subsequent status topic.
KEYW - Sets a keyword used by the GUI for context filtering (GUI).
KFILL - Generates keypoints between two keypoints.
KGEN - Generates additional keypoints from a pattern of keypoints.
KL - Generates a keypoint at a specified location on an existing line.
KLIST - Lists the defined keypoints or hard points.
KMESH - Generates nodes and point elements at keypoints.
KMODIF - Modifies an existing keypoint.
KMOVE - Calculates and moves a keypoint to an intersection.
KNODE - Defines a keypoint at an existing node location.
KPLOT - Displays the selected keypoints.
KPSCALE - Generates a scaled set of (meshed) keypoints from a pattern of keypoints.
KREFINE - Refines the mesh around specified keypoints.
KSCALE - Generates a scaled pattern of keypoints from a given keypoint pattern.
KSCON - Specifies a keypoint about which an area mesh will be skewed.
KSEL - Selects a subset of keypoints or hard points.
KSLL - Selects those keypoints contained in the selected lines.
KSLN - Selects those keypoints associated with the selected nodes.
KSUM - Calculates and prints geometry statistics of the selected keypoints.
KSYMM - Generates a reflected set of keypoints.
KTRAN - Transfers a pattern of keypoints to another coordinate system.
KUSE - Specifies whether or not to reuse the factorized matrix.
KWPAVE - Moves the working plane origin to the average location of keypoints.
KWPLAN - Defines the working plane using three keypoints.
L - Defines a line between two keypoints.
L2ANG - Generates a line at an angle with two existing lines.
L2TAN - Generates a line tangent to two lines.
LANG - Generates a straight line at an angle with a line.
LARC - Defines a circular arc.
/LARC - Creates annotation arcs (GUI).
LAREA - Generates the shortest line between two keypoints on an area.
LARGE - Finds the largest (the envelope) of three variables.
LATT - Associates element attributes with the selected, unmeshed lines.
LAYER - Specifies the element layer for which data are to be processed.
LAYERP26 - Specifies the element layer for which data are to be stored.
LAYLIST - Lists real constants material properties for layered elements.
LAYPLOT - Displays the layer stacking sequence for layered elements.
LCABS - Specifies absolute values for load case operations.
LCASE - Reads a load case into the database.
LCCALC - Specifies "Load case settings" as the subsequent status topic.
LCCAT - Concatenates multiple lines into one line for mapped meshing.
LCDEF - Creates a load case from a set of results on a results file.
LCFACT - Defines scale factors for load case operations.
LCFILE - Creates a load case from an existing load case file.
LCLEAR - Deletes nodes and line elements associated with selected lines.
LCOMB - Combines adjacent lines into one line.
LCOPER - Performs load case operations.
LCSEL - Selects a subset of load cases.
LCSL - Divides intersecting lines at their point(s) of intersection.
LCSUM - Specifies whether to process non-summable items in load case operations.
LCWRITE - Creates a load case by writing results to a load case file.
LCZERO - Zeroes the results portion of the database.
LDELE - Deletes unmeshed lines.
LDIV - Divides a single line into two or more lines.
LDRAG - Generates lines by sweeping a keypoint pattern along  path.
LDREAD - Reads results from the results file and applies them as loads.
LESIZE - Specifies the divisions and spacing ratio on unmeshed lines.
LEXTND - Extends a line at one end by using its slope.
LFILLT - Generates a fillet line between two intersecting lines.
LFSURF - Generates surface elements overlaid on the edge of existing solid elements and assigns the extra node as the closest fluid element node.
LGEN - Generates additional lines from a pattern of lines.
LGLUE - Generates new lines by "gluing" lines.
LGWRITE - Writes the database command log to a file.
/LIGHT - Specifies the light direction for the display window.
LINA - Finds the intersection of a line with an area.
LINE - Specifies "Lines" as the subsequent status topic.
/LINE - Creates annotation lines (GUI).
LINES - Specifies the length of a printed page.
LINL - Finds the common intersection of lines.
LINP - Finds the pairwise intersection of lines.
LINV - Finds the intersection of a line with a volume.
LIST - Lists out the sets in the results file.
*LIST - Displays the contents of an external, coded file.
LLIST - Lists the defined lines.
LMATRIX - Calculates an inductance matrix and the total flux linkage for an N-winding coil system.
LMESH - Generates nodes and line elements along lines.
LNSRCH - Activates a line search to be used with Newton-Raphson.
LOCAL - Defines a local coordinate system by a location and orientation.
LOVLAP - Overlaps lines.
LPLOT - Displays the selected lines.
LPRT - Defines impedance and calibration lines for excitation eigenfield.
LPTN - Partitions lines.
LREFINE - Refines the mesh around specified lines.
LREVERSE - Reverses the normal of a line, regardless of its connectivity or mesh status.
LROTAT - Generates circular lines by rotating a keypoint pattern about an axis.
LSBA - Subtracts areas from lines.
*LSBAC - Performs the solve (forward/backward substitution) of a factorized linear system. 
LSBL - Subtracts lines from lines.
LSBV - Subtracts volumes from lines.
LSBW - Subtracts the intersection of the working plane from lines (divides lines).
LSCLEAR - Clears loads and load step options from the database.
LSDELE - Deletes load step files.
LSEL - Selects a subset of lines.
*LSENGINE - Creates a linear solver engine.
*LSFACTOR - Performs the numerical factorization of a linear solver system.
LSLA - Selects those lines contained in the selected areas.
LSLK - Selects those lines containing the selected keypoints.
LSOPER - Specifies "Load step operations" as the subsequent status topic.
/LSPEC - Specifies annotation line attributes (GUI).
LSREAD - Reads load and load step option data into the database.
LSSCALE - Generates a scaled set of lines from a pattern of lines.
LSSOLVE - Reads and solves multiple load steps.
LSTR - Defines a straight line irrespective of the active coordinate system.
LSUM - Calculates and prints geometry statistics of the selected lines.
LSWRITE - Writes load and load step option data to a file.
/LSYMBOL - Creates annotation symbols (GUI).
LSYMM - Generates lines from a line pattern by symmetry reflection.
LTAN - Generates a line at the end of, and tangent to, an existing line.
LTRAN - Transfers a pattern of lines to another coordinate system.
LUMPM - Specifies a lumped mass matrix formulation.
LVSCALE - Scales the load vector for mode superposition analyses.
LWPLAN - Defines the working plane normal to a location on a line.
M - Defines master degrees of freedom for reduced and superelement generation analyses.
MADAPT - Adaptively meshes and solves an edge-based model.
MAGOPT - Specifies options for a 3-D magnetostatic field analysis.
MAGSOLV - Specifies magnetic solution options and initiates the solution.
/MAIL - Mails file to the specifed address.
MAPSOLVE - Maps solved node and element solutions from an original mesh to a new mesh.
MAPVAR - Defines tensors and vectors in user-defined state variables for rezoning.
MASTER - Specifies "Master DOF" as the subsequent status topic.
MAT - Sets the element material attribute pointer.
MATER - Specifies "Material properties" as the subsequent status topic.
MCHECK - Checks mesh connectivity.
MDAMP - Defines the damping ratios as a function of mode.
MDELE - Deletes master degrees of freedom.
MDPLOT - Plots frequency-dependent modal damping coefficients calculated by DMPEXT.
MEMM - Allows the current session to keep allocated memory 
/MENU - Activates the Graphical User Interface (GUI).
MESHING - Specifies "Meshing" as the subsequent status topic.
MFANALYSIS - Activates or deactivates an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFBUCKET - Turns a bucket search on or off.
MFCALC - Specifies a calculation frequency for a field in an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFCI - Sets the control parameters used by the conservative (CPP) interpolation scheme.
MFCLEAR - Deletes ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis settings.
MFCMMAND - Captures field solution options in a command file.
MFCONV - Sets convergence values for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFDTIME - Sets time step sizes for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFELEM - Defines a field by grouping element types.
MFEM - Add more element types to a previously defined field number.
MFEXTER - Defines external fields for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis. 
MFFNAME - Specifies a file name for a field in an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFFR - Setup Multi-Field relaxation factors for field solutions.
MFIMPORT - Imports a new field into a current ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFINTER - Specifies the interface load transfer interpolation option for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFITER - Sets the number of stagger iterations for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFLCOMM - Defines a load transfer for code coupling analyses.
MFLIST - Lists the settings for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFMAP - Calculates, saves, resumes, or deletes mapping data in an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFORDER - Specifies field solution order for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFOUTPUT - Specifies results file output frequency for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
*MFOURI - Calculates the coefficients for, or evaluates, a Fourier series.
MFPSIMUL - Sets up a field solver group to simultaneously process with code coupling analyses.
MFRC - Controls file writing for multiframe restarts for the ANSYS Multi-field solver.
MFRELAX - Sets relaxation values for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFRSTART - Specifies restart status for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFSORDER - Sets up the solution sequence of simultaneous field solver groups for code coupling analyses.
MFSURFACE - Defines a surface load transfer for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFTIME - Sets end time for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFTOL - Activates or deactivates normal distance checking for surface mapping in an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
*MFUN - Copies or transposes an array parameter matrix.
MFVOLUME - Defines a volume load transfer for an ANSYS Multi-field solver analysis.
MFWRITE - Writes an ANSYS master input file for MFX multiple code coupling. 
MGEN - Generates additional MDOF from a previously defined set.
MIDTOL - Sets midstep residual criterion values for structural transient analyses.
/MKDIR - Creates a directory.
MLIST - Lists the MDOF of freedom.
MMASS - Specifies the missing mass response calculation.
MMF - Calculates the magnetomotive force along a path.
MODCONT - Specify additional modal analysis options. 
MODE - Specifies the harmonic loading term for this load step.
MODIFY - Changes the listed values of the data in a set.
MODMSH - Controls the relationship of the solid model and the FE model.
MODOPT - Specifies modal analysis options.
MONITOR - Controls contents of three variable fields in nonlinear solution monitor file.
*MOPER -  Performs matrix operations on array parameter matrices.
MOPT - Specifies meshing options.
MORPH - Specifies morphing and remeshing controls.
MOVE - Calculates and moves a node to an intersection.
MP - Defines a linear material property as a constant or a function of temperature.
MPAMOD - Modifies temperature-dependent secant coefficients of thermal expansion.
MPCHG - Changes the material number attribute of an element.
MPCOPY - Copies linear material model data from one material reference number to another.
MPDATA - Defines property data to be associated with the temperature table.
MPDELE - Deletes linear material properties.
MPDRES - Reassembles existing material data with the temperature table.
/MPLIB - Sets the default material library read and write paths.
MPLIST - Lists linear material properties.
MPPLOT - Plots linear material properties as a function of temperature.
MPREAD - Reads a file containing material properties.
MPRINT - Specifies that radiation matrices are to be printed.
MPTEMP - Defines a temperature table for material properties.
MPTGEN - Adds temperatures to the temperature table by generation.
MPTRES - Restores a temperature table previously defined.
MPWRITE - Writes linear material properties in the database to a file (if the LIB option is not specified) or writes both linear and nonlinear material properties (if LIB is specified) from the database to a file.
/MREP - Enables you to reissue the graphics command macro "name" during a replot or zoom operation.
MSADV - Specifies the approach to discretize the advection term in a species transport equation.
MSAVE - Sets the solver memory saving option. This option only applies to the PCG solver.
MSCAP - Activates and controls mass fraction capping for a species.
MSDATA - Defines multiple species data applicable to all species.
*MSG - Writes an output message via the ANSYS message subroutine.
MSHAPE - For elements that support multiple shapes, specifies the element shape to be used for meshing.
MSHCOPY - Simplifies the generation of meshes that have matching node element patterns on two different line groups (in 2-D) or area groups (3-D).
MSHKEY - Specifies whether free meshing or mapped meshing should be used to mesh a model.
MSHMID - Specifies placement of midside nodes.
MSHPATTERN - Specifies pattern to be used for mapped triangle meshing.
MSMASS - Specifies the mass type for a transient species analysis.
MSMETH - Specifies the method of solution of the species transport equations.
MSMIR - Sets modified inertial relaxation factors for multiple species.
MSNOMF - Specifies the initial value of nominal mass fraction for a species.
MSPROP - Defines the fluid properties of a species.
MSQUAD - Specifies the quadrature order for multiple species elements.
MSRELAX - Specifies relaxation factors for a multiple species transport analysis.
MSSOLU - Specifies solution options for multiple species transport.
MSSPEC - Specifies the name, molecular weight, and Schmidt number of a species.
/MSTART - Controls the initial GUI components.
MSTERM - Sets the convergence monitors for species.
MSTOLE - Adds two extra nodes from FLUID116 elements to SURF151 or SURF152 elements for convection analyses.
MSVARY - Allows species properties to vary between global iterations.
*MULT - Performs the matrix multiplication M3 = M1(T1)*M2(T2).
*MWRITE - Writes a matrix to a file in a formatted sequence. 
MXPAND - Specifies the number of modes to expand and write for a modal or buckling analysis.
N - Defines a node.
NANG - Rotates a nodal coordinate system by direction cosines.
NAXIS - Generates nodes for general axisymmetric element sections.
NCNV - Sets the key to terminate an analysis.
NDELE - Deletes nodes.
NDIST - Calculates and lists the distance between two nodes.
NDSURF - Generates surface elements overlaid on the edge of existing elements and assigns the extra node as the closest fluid element node.
NEQIT - Specifies the maximum number of equilibrium iterations for nonlinear analyses.
/NERR - Limits the number of warning and error messages displayed.
NFORCE - Sums the nodal forces and moments of elements attached to nodes.
NGEN - Generates additional nodes from a pattern of nodes.
NKPT - Defines a node at an existing keypoint location.
NLDIAG - Sets nonlinear diagnostics functionality.
NLDPOST - Gets element component information from nonlinear diagnostic files.
NLGEOM - Includes large-deflection effects in a static or full transient analysis.
NLHIST - Specify result items to track during solution.
NLIST - Lists nodes.
NLOG - Forms the natural log of a variable.
NLOPT - Specifies "Nonlinear analysis options" as the subsequent status topic.
NMODIF - Modifies an existing node.
NOCOLOR - Removes color from graphics displays.
NODES - Specifies "Nodes" as the subsequent status topic.
/NOERASE - Prevents the screen erase between displays.
/NOLIST - Suppresses the data input listing.
NOOFFSET - Prevents the CDREAD command from offsetting specified data items
NOORDER - Re-establishes the original element ordering.
/NOPR - Suppresses the expanded interpreted input data listing.
NORA - Rotates nodal coordinate systems to surface normal
NORL - Rotates nodal coordinate systems perpendicular to line normal
/NORMAL - Allows displaying area elements by top or bottom faces.
NPLOT - Displays nodes.
NPRINT - Defines which time points stored are to be listed.
NREAD - Reads nodes from a file.
NREFINE - Refines the mesh around specified nodes.
NRLSUM - Specifies the Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) sum mode combination method.
*NRM - Computes the norm of the specified matrix or vector.
NROPT - Specifies the Newton-Raphson options in a static or full transient analysis.
NROTAT - Rotates nodal coordinate systems into the active system.
NRRANG - Specifies the range of nodes to be read from the node file.
NSCALE - Generates a scaled set of nodes from a pattern of nodes.
NSEL - Selects a subset of nodes.
NSLA - Selects those nodes associated with the selected areas.
NSLE - Selects those nodes attached to the selected elements.
NSLK - Selects those nodes associated with the selected keypoints.
NSLL - Selects those nodes associated with the selected lines.
NSLV - Selects those nodes associated with the selected volumes.
NSMOOTH - Smooths selected nodes among selected elements.
NSOL - Specifies nodal data to be stored from the results file.
NSORT - Sorts nodal data.
NSTORE - Defines which time points are to be stored.
NSUBST - Specifies the number of substeps to be taken this load step.
NSVR - Defines the number of variables for user-programmable element options.
NSYM - Generates a reflected set of nodes.
/NUMBER - Specifies whether numbers, colors, or both are used for displays.
NUMCMP - Compresses the numbering of defined items.
NUMEXP - Specifies solutions to be expanded from reduced analyses.
NUMMRG - Merges coincident or equivalently defined items.
NUMOFF - Adds a number offset to defined items.
NUMSTR - Establishes starting numbers for automatically numbered items.
NUMVAR - Specifies the number of variables allowed in POST26.
NUSORT - Restores original order for nodal data.
NWPAVE - Moves the working plane origin to the average location of nodes.
NWPLAN - Defines the working plane using three nodes.
NWRITE - Writes nodes to a file.
OCDATA - Defines an ocean environment using non-table data.
OCDELETE - Deletes ocean information from the ANSYS database.
OCLIST - Summarizes all currently defined ocean environments.
OCREAD - Reads externally defined ocean data.
OCTABLE - Defines an ocean environment using table data.
OCTYPE - Specifies the type of ocean environment data to follow.
OMEGA - Specifies the rotational velocity of the structure.
OPERATE - Specifies "Operation data" as the subsequent status topic.
OPNCONTROL - Sets decision parameter for automatically increasing the time step interval.
OUTAERO - Outputs the superelement matrices and load vectors to formatted files for aeroelastic analysis.
OUTOPT - Specifies "Output options" as the subsequent status topic.
OUTPR - Controls the solution printout.
/OUTPUT - Redirects text output to a file or to the screen.
OUTRES - Controls the solution data written to the database.
OVCHECK - Checks for overconstraint among constraint equations and Lagrange multipliers.
PADELE - Deletes a defined path.
/PAGE - Defines the printout and screen page size.
PAGET - Writes current path information into an array variable.
PAPUT - Retrieves path information from an array variable.
PARESU - Restores previously saved paths from a file.
PARTSEL - Selects a subset of parts in an explicit dynamic analysis.
PARRES - Reads parameters from a file.
PARSAV - Writes parameters to a file.
PASAVE - Saves selected paths to an external file.
PATH - Defines a path name and establishes parameters for the path.
PAUSE - Temporarily releases the current product license.
/PBC - Shows boundary condition (BC) symbols and values on displays.
/PBF - Shows magnitude of body force loads on displays.
PCALC - Forms additional labeled path items by operating on existing path items.
PCGOPT - Controls PCG solver options.
PCIRC - Creates a circular area centered about the working plane origin.
/PCIRCLE - Creates an annotation circle (GUI).
/PCOPY - Automatically generates hard copies for HP UNIX work stations.
PCROSS - Calculates the cross product of two path vectors along the current path.
PDANL - Defines the analysis file to be used for probabilistic looping.
PDCDF - Plots the cumulative distribution function.
PDCFLD - Calculates a correlation field and stores it into an ANSYS array.
PDCLR - Clears the probabilistic design database.
PDCMAT - Prints the correlation coefficient matrix.
PDCORR - Specifies the correlation between two random input variables.
PDDMCS - Specifies options for Monte Carlo Simulations using direct sampling.
PDDOEL - Defines design of experiment levels for an individual random input variable.
PDEF - Interpolates an item onto a path.
PDEXE - Executes the probabilistic analysis.
PDHIST - Plots the frequency histogram.
PDINQR - Evaluates statistical characteristics of a random input variable.
PDLHS - Specifies options for Monte Carlo Simulations using Latin-Hypercube sampling.
PDMETH - Specifies the probabilistic analysis method.
PDOT - Calculates the dot product of two path vectors along the current path.
PDPINV - Prints the result of the inversion of a probability.
PDPLOT - Plots the distribution curves of a defined random input variable.
PDPROB - Prints a probability result.
PDRESU - Reads the probabilistic model data and loads it into the database.
PDROPT - Specifies the options for an HTML report.
/PDS - Enters the probabilistic design system.
PDSAVE - Writes the probabilistic model data to a file.
PDSCAT - Plots a scatter graph.
PDSENS - Plots the probabilistic sensitivities.
PDSHIS - Plots the sample history values.
PDUSER - Specifies options for user-specified sampling methods.
PDVAR - Specifies the parameters to be treated as probabilistic design variables.
PDWRITE - Generates an HTML report for the probabilistic analyses.
PERBC2D - Generates periodic constraints for 2-D planar magnetic field analyses.
PERI - Specifies periodic boundary conditions in an incompressible flow analysis.
PERTURB - Sets linear perturbation analysis options.
PFACT - Calculates participation factors for the PSD or multi-point response spectrum table.
PGRAPH - Specifies the location from which graphics data will be retrieved for viewing. 
PGRSET - Defines the data set to be read from the PGR file.
PGSAVE - Creates a PowerGraphics (PGR) file from results data. 
PGSELE - Select a subset of elements for display with the PGR viewer. 
PGWRITE - Writes selected solution data to the PGR file for faster post processing access. 
PHYSICS - Writes, reads, or lists all element information
/PICE - Shows initial conditions on elements as contours on displays.
PILECALC - Invokes soil-pile calculations.
PILEDISPSET - Sets up pile cap displacement data for soil-pile analysis.
PILEGEN - Generates data for elements used in soil-pile analysis.
PILELOAD - Applies pile cap loads to the specified node.
PILEMASS - Gets pile cap mass and applies it to the specified element.
PILERUN - Runs a soil-pile analysis.
PILESEL - Selects all pile elements.
PILESTIF - Gets pile cap stiffness and applies it to the specified element.
PIVCHECK - Prevents a batch mode, linear static analysis from stopping when a negative or zero equation solver pivot value is encountered.
PLCAMP - Plots Campbell diagram data for applications involving rotating structure dynamics.
PLCINT - Plots the fracture parameter (CINT) result data.
PLCPLX - Specifies the part of a complex variable to display.
PLCRACK - Displays cracking and crushing locations in SOLID65 elements.
PLDISP - Displays the displaced structure.
PLESOL - Displays the solution results as discontinuous element contours.
PLETAB - Displays element table items.
PLFAR - Plots electric or pressure far fields and far field parameters. 
PLFSS - Plots reflection and transmission parameters of a frequency selective surface solution.
PLF2D - Generates a contour line plot of equipotentials.
PLLS - Displays element table items as contoured areas along elements.
PLNEAR - Plots the electric field or pressure in the near zone exterior to the equivalent source surface.
PLNSOL - Displays results as continuous contours.
/PLOPTS - Controls graphics options on subsequent displays.
PLORB - Displays the orbital motion of a rotating structure
PLOT - Forms a display.
PLOTTING - Specifies "Plotting settings" as the subsequent status topic.
PLPAGM - Displays path items along the path geometry.
PLPATH - Displays path items on a graph.
PLSCH - Converts and plots scattering, admittance, or impedance parameters on a Smith chart.
PLSECT - Displays membrane and membrane-plus-bending linearized stresses.
PLSYZ - Converts and plots network parameters versus frequency or plots losses versus frequency.
PLTD - Displays TDR/TDT waveforms, an impedance profile, or a total waveform.
PLTIME - Defines the time range for which data are to be displayed.
PLTLINE - Plots port transmission line data generated by the HFPCSWP or SPSWP macros.
PLTRAC - Displays a particle flow or charged particle trace on an element display.
PLVAR - Displays up to ten variables in the form of a graph.
PLVECT - Displays results as vectors.
PLVFRC - Displays volume fractions in a volume of fluid (VOF) analysis.
PLWAVE - Specifies a free-space time-harmonic incident plane electromagnetic wave.
/PMACRO - Specifies that macro contents be written to the session log file.
PMAP - Creates mapping of the path geometry by defining path interpolation division points.
PMGTRAN - Summarizes electromagnetic results from a transient analysis.
PMLOPT - Defines perfectly matched layers (PMLs) for a high-frequency analysis.
PMLSIZE - Determines number of PML layers.
/PMORE - Creates an annotation polygon (GUI).
PNGR - Provides PNG file export for ANSYS displays. 
/PNUM - Controls entity numbering/coloring on plots.
POINT - Specifies "Point flow tracing settings" as the subsequent status topic.
POLY - Creates a polygonal area based on working plane coordinate pairs.
/POLYGON - Creates annotation polygons (GUI).
/POST1 - Enters the database results postprocessor.
/POST26 - Enters the time-history results postprocessor.
POUTRES - Controls the nodal DOF and computed element results graphics data that is written to the PGR file.
POWERH - Calculates the rms power loss in a conductor or lossy dielectric.
PPATH - Defines a path by picking or defining nodes, or locations on the currently active working plane, or by entering specific coordinate locations.
PRANGE - Determines the path range.
PRCAMP - Prints Campbell diagram data for applications involving rotating structure dynamics.
PRCINT - Lists the fracture parameter (CINT) results data.
PRCPLX - Defines the output form for complex variables.
PRED - Activates a predictor in a nonlinear analysis.
PRENERGY - Prints the total energies of a model or the energies of the specified components. 
/PREP7 - Enters the model creation preprocessor.
PRERR - Prints SEPC and TEPC.
PRESOL - Prints the solution results for elements.
PRETAB - Prints the element table items.
PRFAR - Prints electric or pressure far fields and far field parameters. 
PRI2 - Creates a polygonal area or a prism volume by vertices (GUI).
PRIM - Specifies "Solid model primitives" as the subsequent status topic.
PRINT - Specifies "Print settings" as the subsequent status topic.
*PRINT - Prints the matrix values to a file.
PRISM - Creates a prism volume based on working plane coordinate pairs.
PRITER - Prints solution summary data.
PRJSOL - Prints joint element output.
PRNEAR - Prints the electric field or pressure in the near zone exterior to the equivalent source surface.
PRNLD - Prints the summed element nodal loads.
PRNSOL - Prints the nodal solution results.
PROD - Multiplies variables.
PRORB - Prints the orbital motion characteristics of a rotating structure
PRPATH - Prints path items along a geometry path.
PRRFOR - Used with the FORCE command.  Prints the constrained node reaction solution.
PRRSOL - Prints the constrained node reaction solution.
PRSECT - Calculates and prints linearized stresses along a section path.
PRSYZ - Converts and lists scattering, admittance, or impedance parameters.
PRTIME - Defines the time range for which data are to be listed.
PRVAR - Lists variables vs. time (or frequency).
PRVECT - Prints results as vector magnitude and direction cosines.
PSCONTROL - Enables or disables shared-memory parallel operations.
PSCR - Specifies various PostScript options.
PSDCOM - Specifies the power spectral density mode combination method.
PSDFRQ - Defines the frequency points for the input spectrum tables PSDVAL vs. PSDFRQ for PSD analysis.
PSDGRAPH - Displays input PSD curves
PSDRES - Controls solution output written to the results file from a PSD analysis.
PSDSPL - Defines a partially correlated excitation in a PSD analysis.
PSDUNIT - Defines the type of input PSD.
PSDVAL - Defines PSD values.
PSDWAV - Defines a wave propagation excitation in a PSD analysis.
/PSEARCH - Specifies a directory to be searched for "unknown command" macro files.
PSEL - Selects a path or paths.
/PSF - Shows surface load symbols on model displays.
PSMAT - Writes an assembled global matrix to a postscript format that graphically displays nonzero matrix values.
PSMESH - Create and mesh a pretension section
/PSPEC - Creates annotation polygon attributes (GUI).
/PSTATUS - Displays the global or window display specifications.
PSTRES - Specifies whether prestress effects are calculated or included.
/PSYMB - Shows various symbols on displays.
PTR - Dumps the record of a binary file.
PTXY - Defines coordinate pairs for use in polygons and prisms.
PVECT - Interpolates a set of items onto a path.
/PWEDGE - Creates an annotation wedge (GUI).
QDVAL - Defines PSD quadspectral values.
QFACT - Calculates the quality factor for high-frequency electromagnetic resonators.
QRDOPT - Specifies additional QRDAMP modal analysis option.
QSOPT - Specifies quasi static radiation options.
QUAD - Generates a quadratic line of nodes from three nodes.
/QUIT - Exits a processor.
QUOT - Divides two variables.
R - Defines the element real constants.
RACE - Defines a "racetrack" current source. 
RADOPT - Specifies Radiosity Solver options.
RAPPND - Appends results data from the database to the results file. 
RATE - Specifies whether the effect of creep strain rate will be used in the solution of a load step.
/RATIO - Distorts the object geometry. 
RBE3 - Distributes the force/moment applied at the master node to a set  of slave nodes, taking into account the geometry of the slave nodes as well as weighting factors. 
RCON - Specifies "Real constants" as the subsequent status topic. 
RDEC - Defines the decimation parameters.
RDELE - Deletes real constant sets. 
REAL - Sets the element real constant set attribute pointer. 
REALVAR - Forms a variable using only the real part of a complex variable. 
RECTNG - Creates a rectangular area anywhere on the working plane. 
REMESH - Specifies the starting and ending remeshing points, and other options, for rezoning.
/RENAME - Renames a file. 
REORDER - Specifies "Model reordering" as the subsequent status topic. 
*REPEAT - Repeats the previous command. 
/REPLOT - Automatically reissues the last display command for convenience. 
RESCOMBINE - Reads results from local results files into the database after a distributed memory parallel (Distributed ANSYS) solution.
RESCONTROL - Controls file writing for multiframe restarts.
RESET - Resets all POST1 or POST26 specifications to initial defaults. 
/RESET - Resets display specifications to their initial defaults. 
RESP - Generates a response spectrum. 
RESUME - Resumes the database from the database file.
RESVEC - Calculates or includes residual vectors.
RESWRITE - Appends results data from the database to a results file.
*RETURN - Returns input stream to a higher level.
REXPORT - Exports displacements from an implicit run to ANSYS LS-DYNA. 
REZONE - Initiates the rezoning process, sets rezoning options, and rebuilds the database.
RFORCE - Specifies the total reaction force data to be stored. 
/RGB - Specifies the RGB color values for indices and contours. 
RIGID - Specifies known rigid body modes (if any) of the model. 
RIGRESP - Specifies the rigid response calculation.
RIMPORT - Imports initial stresses from an explicit dynamics run into ANSYS. 
RLIST - Lists the real constant sets. 
RMALIST - Lists all defined master nodes for a ROM method.
RMANL - Assigns model database, dimensionality, and operating direction for the ROM method.
RMASTER - Defines master nodes for the ROM method.
RMCAP - Defines lumped capacitance pairs between conductors C1 and C2 for a ROM method.
RMCLIST - Lists all lumped capacitance pairs defined.
/RMDIR - Removes (deletes) a directory.
RMFLVEC - Writes eigenvectors of fluid nodes to a file for use in damping parameter extraction.
RMLVSCALE - Defines element load vector scaling for a ROM use pass.
RMMLIST - Lists all mode specifications for the ROM method.
RMMRANGE - Defines and edits various modal parameters for the ROM method.
RMMSELECT - Selects modes for the ROM method.
RMNDISP - Extracts neutral plane displacements from a test load or element load solution for the ROM method.
RMNEVEC - Extracts neutral plane eigenvectors from a modal analysis for the ROM method.
RMODIF - Modifies real constant sets. 
RMORE - Adds real constants to a set. 
RMPORDER - Defines polynomial orders for ROM functions.
RMRESUME - Resumes ROM data from a file.
RMRGENERATE - Performs fitting procedure for all ROM functions to generate response surfaces.
RMROPTIONS - Defines options for ROM response surface fitting.
RMRPLOT - Plots response surface of ROM function or its derivatives with respect to the dominant mode(s).
RMRSTATUS - Prints status of response surface for ROM function.
RMSAVE - Saves ROM data to file.
RMSMPLE - Runs finite element solutions and obtains sample points for the ROM method.
RMUSE - Activates ROM use pass for ROM elements.
RMXPORT - Exports ROM model to external VHDL-AMS simulator.
ROCK - Specifies a rocking response spectrum. 
ROSE - Specifies the Rosenblueth mode combination method.
RPOLY - Creates a regular polygonal area centered about the working plane origin. 
RPR4 - Creates a regular polygonal area or prism volume anywhere on the working plane. 
RPRISM - Creates a regular prism volume centered about the working plane origin. 
RPSD - Computes response power spectral density (PSD). 
RSFIT - Fit a response surface for an output parameter in a solution set.
RSOPT - Creates or loads the radiosity mapping data file for SURF251 or SURF252 element types.
RSPLIT - Creates one or more results file(s) from the current results file based on subsets of elements.
RSPLOT - Plot a response surface.
RSPRNT - Print a response surface.
RSSIMS - Performs Monte Carlo simulations on response surface(s).
RSTMAC - Calculates modal assurance criterion (MAC) and matches nodal solutions from two results files.
RSTOFF - Offsets node or element IDs in the FE geometry record.
RSURF - Generates the radiosity surface elements (SURF251/SURF252) and stores them in the database.
RSYMM - Defines the plane of symmetry or center of rotation for the radiosity method.
RSYS - Activates a coordinate system for printout or display of element and nodal results. 
RTHICK - Defines variable thickness at nodes for shell elements.
SABS - Specifies absolute values for element table operations.
SADD - Forms an element table item by adding two existing items.
SALLOW - Defines the allowable stress table for safety factor calculations.
SAVE - Saves all current database information.
SBCLIST - Lists solid model boundary conditions.
SBCTRAN - Transfers solid model loads and boundary conditions to the FE model.
SDELETE - Deletes sections from the database.
SE - Defines a superelement.
SECCONTROLS - Supplements or overrides default section properties.
SECDATA - Describes the geometry of a section.
SECFUNCTION - Specifies shell section thickness as a tabular function.
SECJOINT - Defines local coordinate systems at joint element nodes and other data for joint elements.
/SECLIB - Sets the default section library path for the SECREAD command.
SECLOCK - Specifies locks on the components of relative motion in a joint element.
SECMODIF - Modifies a pretension section
SECNUM - Sets the element section attribute pointer.
SECOFFSET - Defines the section offset for cross sections.
SECPLOT - Plots the geometry of a beam, pipe, shell, or reinforcing section to scale.
SECREAD - Reads a custom section library or a user-defined section mesh into ANSYS.
SECSTOP - Specifies stops on the components of relative motion in a joint element.
SECTYPE - Associates section type information with a section ID number.
SECWRITE - Creates an ASCII file containing user mesh section information.
SED - Defines the excitation direction for response spectrum and PSD analyses.
SEDLIST - Lists the DOF solution of a superelement after the use pass.
SEEXP - Specifies options for the substructure expansion pass.
/SEG - Allows graphics data to be stored in the local terminal memory.
SEGEN - Automatically generate superelements.
SELIST - Lists the contents of a superelement matrix file.
SELM - Specifies "Superelements" as the subsequent status topic.
SELTOL - Sets the tolerance for subsequent select operations.
SENERGY - Determines the stored magnetic energy or co-energy.
SEOPT - Specifies substructure analysis options.
SESYMM - Performs a symmetry operation on a superelement within the use pass.
*SET - Assigns values to user-named parameters.
SET - Defines the data set to be read from the results file.
SETFGAP - Updates or defines the real constant table for squeeze film elements.
SETRAN - Creates a superelement from an existing superelement.
SEXP - Forms an element table item by exponentiating and multiplying.
SF - Specifies surface loads on nodes.
SFA - Specifies surface loads on the selected areas.
SFACT - Allows safety factor or margin of safety calculations to be made.
SFADELE - Deletes surface loads from areas.
SFALIST - Lists the surface loads for the specified area.
SFBEAM - Specifies surface loads on beam and pipe elements.
SFCALC - Calculates the safety factor or margin of safety.
SFCUM - Specifies that surface loads are to be accumulated.
SFDELE - Deletes surface loads.
SFE - Specifies surface loads on elements.
SFEDELE - Deletes surface loads from elements.
SFELIST - Lists the surface loads for elements.
SFFUN - Specifies a varying surface load.
SFGRAD - Specifies a gradient (slope) for surface loads.
SFL - Specifies surface loads on lines of an area.
SFLDELE - Deletes surface loads from lines.
SFLEX - Sets flexibility factors for the currently defined pipe element section.
SFLIST - Lists surface loads.
SFLLIST - Lists the surface loads for lines.
SFSCALE - Scales surface loads on elements.
SFTRAN - Transfer the solid model surface loads to the finite element model.
/SHADE - Defines the type of surface shading used with Z-buffering.
SHELL - Selects a shell element or shell layer location for results output.
/SHOW - Specifies the device and other parameters for graphics displays.
/SHOWDISP - Defines the display driver name.
SHPP - Controls element shape checking.
/SHRINK - Shrinks elements, lines, areas, and volumes for display clarity.
SLIST - Summarizes the section properties for all defined sections in the current session.
SLOAD - Load a pretension section.
SMALL - Finds the smallest of three variables.
*SMAT - Creates a sparse matrix.
SMAX - Forms an element table item from the maximum of two other items.
/SMBC - Controls the display of solid model boundary condition symbols and labels.
SMBODY - Specifies "Body loads on the solid model" as the subsequent status topic.
SMCONS - Specifies "Constraints on the solid model" as the subsequent status topic.
SMFOR - Specifies "Forces on the solid model" as the subsequent status topic.
SMIN - Forms an element table item from the minimum of two other items.
SMOOTH - Allows smoothing of noisy data and provides a graphical representation of the data.
SMRTSIZE - Specifies meshing parameters for automatic (smart) element sizing.
SMSURF - Specifies "Surface loads on the solid model" as the subsequent status topic.
SMULT - Forms an element table item by multiplying two other items.
SNOPTION -  Specifies Supernode (SNODE) eigensolver options.
SOCEAN - Specifies an ocean environment and associates it with an element section.
SOLCONTROL - Specifies whether to use optimized nonlinear solution defaults and some enhanced internal solution algorithms.
SOLU - Specifies solution summary data per substep to be stored.
/SOLU - Enters the solution processor.
SOLUOPT - Specifies "Solution options" as the subsequent status topic.
SOLVE - Starts a solution.
SORT - Specifies "Sort settings" as the subsequent status topic.
SOURCE - Defines a default location for undefined nodes or keypoints.
SPACE - Defines a space node for radiation using the Radiation Matrix method.
SPADP - Automatically refines a HF119 tetrahedral element mesh based on S-parameter convergence.
SPARM - Calculates parameters between ports of a network system.
SPCNOD - Defines a space node for radiation using the Radiosity method.
SPCTEMP - Defines a free-space ambient temperature for radiation using the 	Radiosity method.
SPDAMP - Defines input spectrum damping in a multi-point response spectrum analysis.
SPEC - Specifies "Miscellaneous specifications" as the subsequent status topic.
SPFREQ - Defines the frequency points for the input spectrum tables SPVAL vs. SPFREQ for multi-point spectrum analysis.
SPFSS - Performs frequency sweep or angle sweep calculations to determine reflection and transmission parameters of a frequency selective surface.
SPGRAPH - Displays input spectrum curves for MPRS analysis.
SPH4 - Creates a spherical volume anywhere on the working plane.
SPH5 - Creates a spherical volume by diameter end points.
SPHERE - Creates a spherical volume centered about the working plane origin.
SPICE - Generates a SPICE subcircuit model using S-parameters from a Touchstone file.
SPLINE - Generates a segmented spline through a series of keypoints.
SPLOT - Displays the selected areas and a faceted view of their underlying surfaces 
SPMWRITE - Calculates the state-space matrices and writes them to the SPM file. 
SPOINT - Defines a point for moment summations.
SPOPT - Selects the spectrum type and other spectrum options.
SPREAD - Turns on a dashed tolerance curve for the subsequent curve plots.
SPSCAN - Performs a harmonic analysis of a unit cell over a range of angles and extracts the S-parameter.
SPSWP - Computes S-parameters over a frequency range and writes them to a file.
SPTOPT - Specifies "Spectrum analysis options" as the subsequent status topic.
SPUNIT - Defines the type of multi-point response spectrum.
SPVAL - Defines multi-point response spectrum values.
SQRT - Forms the square root of a variable.
*SREAD - Reads a file into a string array parameter.
SRSS - Specifies the square root of sum of squares mode combination method.
SSBT - Specifies preintegrated bending thermal effects for shell sections.
/SSCALE - Sets the contour multiplier for topographic displays.
SSLN - Selects and displays small lines in the model.
SSMT - Specifies preintegrated membrane thermal effects for shell sections.
SSPA - Specifies a preintegrated membrane stiffness for shell sections.
SSPB - Specifies a preintegrated coupling stiffness for shell sections.
SSPD - Specifies a preintegrated bending stiffness for shell sections.
SSPE - Specifies a preintegrated transverse shear stiffness for shell sections.
SSPM - Specifies mass density for a preintegrated shell section.
SSUM - Calculates and prints the sum of element table items.
STABILIZE - Activates stabilization for all elements that support nonlinear stabilization.
STAOPT - Specifies static analysis options.
STAT - Displays the status of database settings.
*STATUS - Lists the current parameters and abbreviations.
/STATUS - Lists the status of items for the run.
STEF - Specifies Stefan-Boltzmann radiation constant.
/STITLE - Defines subtitles.
STORE - Stores data in the database for the defined variables.
SUBSET - Reads results for the selected portions of the model.
SUCALC - Create new result data by operating on two existing result data sets on a given surface.
SUCR - Create a surface.
SUDEL - Delete geometry information as well as any mapped results for specified surface.
SUEVAL - Perform operations on a mapped item and store result in a scalar parameter.
SUGET - Moves surface geometry and mapped results to an array parameter.
SUMAP - Map results onto selected surface(s).
SUMTYPE - Sets the type of summation to be used in the following load case operations.
SUPL - Plot result data on all selected surfaces or on a specified surface.
SUPR - Print global status, geometry information and/or result information. 
SURESU - Read a set of surface definitions and result items from a file and make them the current set. 
SUSAVE - Saves surface definitions to a file.
SUSEL - Selects a subset of surfaces
SUVECT - Create new result data by operating on two existing result vectors on a given surface. 
SV - Defines spectrum values to be associated with frequency points.
SVPLOT - Displays input spectrum curves.
SVTYP - Defines the type of single-point response spectrum.
SWADD - Adds more surfaces to an existing spot weld set.
SWDEL - Deletes spot weld sets.
SWGEN - Creates a new spot weld set.
SWLIST - Lists spot weld sets.
SYNCHRO - Specifies whether the excitation frequency is synchronous or asynchronous with the rotational velocity of a structure.
/SYP - Passes a command string and arguments to the operating system.
/SYS - Passes a command string to the operating system.
TALLOW - Defines the temperature table for safety factor calculations.
*TAXIS - Defines table index numbers.
TB - Activates a data table for material properties or special element input.
TBCOPY - Copies a data table from one material to another.
TBDATA - Defines data for the material data table.
TBDELE - Deletes previously defined material data tables.
TBEO - Sets special options or parameters for material data tables.
TBFIELD - Defines values of field variables for the material data tables.
TBFT - Performs material curve-fitting operations.
TBLE - Specifies "Data table properties" as the subsequent status topic.
TBLIST - Lists the material data tables.
TBMODIF - Modifies data for the material data table (GUI).
TBPLOT - Displays the material data table.
TBPT - Defines a point on a nonlinear data curve.
TBTEMP - Defines a temperature for a material data table.
TCHG - Converts 20-node degenerate tetrahedral elements to their 10-node non-degenerate counterparts.
/TEE - Writes a list of commands to a specified file at the same time that the commands are being executed.
TERM - Specifies various terminal driver options.
THEXPAND - Enables or disables thermal loading
THOPT - Nonlinear transient thermal solution option.
TIFF - Provides TIFF file Export for ANSYS Displays.
TIME - Sets the time for a load step.
TIMERANGE - Specifies the time range for which data are to be stored.
TIMINT - Turns on transient effects.
TIMP - Improves the quality of tetrahedral elements that are not associated with a volume.
TINTP - Defines transient integration parameters.
/TITLE - Defines a main title.
/TLABEL - Creates annotation text (GUI).
TOFFST - Specifies the temperature offset from absolute zero to zero.
*TOPER - Operates on table parameters.
TORQ2D - Calculates torque on a body in a magnetic field.
TORQC2D - Calculates torque on a body in a magnetic field based on a circular path.
TORQSUM - Summarizes electromagnetic torque calculations on element components.
TORUS - Creates a toroidal volume.
TOTAL - Specifies automatic MDOF generation.
TRANS - Reformats File.GRPH for improved performance with plotters.
TRANSFER - Transfers a pattern of nodes to another coordinate system.
*TREAD - Reads data from an external file into a table array parameter.
TREF - Defines the reference temperature for the thermal strain calculations.
/TRIAD - Shows the global XYZ coordinate triad on displays.
/TRLCY - Specifies the level of translucency.
TRNOPT - Specifies transient analysis options.
TRPDEL - Deletes particle flow or charged particle trace points.
TRPLIS - Lists the particle flow or charged particle trace points.
TRPOIN - Defines a point through which a particle flow or charged particle trace will travel.
TRTIME - Defines the options used for the PLTRAC (particle flow or charged particle trace) command.
TSHAP - Defines simple 2-D and 3-D geometric surfaces for target segment elements.
/TSPEC - Creates annotation text attributes (GUI).
TSRES - Defines an array of key times at which the time-stepping strategy changes.
TUNIF - Assigns a uniform temperature to all nodes.
TVAR - Changes time to the cumulative iteration number.
/TXTRE - Controls application of texture to selected items. 
/TYPE - Defines the type of display.
TYPE - Sets the element type attribute pointer.
/UCMD - Assigns a user-defined command name.
/UDOC - Determines position and content for the multi-legend options. 
/UI - Activates specified GUI dialog boxes.
UIMP - Defines constant material properties (GUI).
/UIS - Controls the GUI behavior.
*ULIB - Identifies a macro library file.
UNDELETE - Removes results sets from the group of sets selected for editing.
UNDO - Allows the user to modify or save commands issued since the last RESUME or SAVE command. 
/UNITS - Annotates the database with the system of units used.
UNPAUSE - Restores use of a temporarily released product license.
UPCOORD - Modifies the coordinates of the active set of nodes, based on the current displacements.
UPGEOM - Adds displacements from a previous analysis and updates the geometry of the finite element model to the deformed configuration.
*USE - Executes a macro file.
/USER - Conveniently resets /FOCUS and /DIST to USER.
USRCAL - Allows user-solution subroutines to be activated or deactivated.
USRDOF - Specifies the degrees of freedom for the user-defined element USER300.
USRELEM - Specifies the characteristics of the user-defined element USER300.
V - Defines a volume through keypoints.
V2DOPT - Specifies 2-D/axisymmetric view factor calculation options.
VA - Generates a volume bounded by existing areas.
*VABS - Applies the absolute value function to array parameters.
VADD - Adds separate volumes to create a single volume.
VARDEL - Deletes a variable (GUI).
VARNAM - Names (or renames) a variable.
VATT - Associates element attributes with the selected, unmeshed volumes.
VCLEAR - Deletes nodes and volume elements associated with selected volumes.
*VCOL - Specifies the number of columns in matrix operations.
/VCONE - Defines the view cone angle for perspective displays.
VCROSS - Forms element table items from the cross product of two vectors.
*VCUM - Allows array parameter results to add to existing results.
VDDAM - Specifies the velocity spectrum computation constants for the analysis of shock resistance of shipboard structures.
VDELE - Deletes unmeshed volumes.
VDGL - Lists keypoints of a volume that lie on a parametric degeneracy.
VDOT - Forms an element table item from the dot product of two vectors.
VDRAG - Generates volumes by dragging an area pattern along a path.
*VEC - Creates a vector.
*VEDIT - Allows numerical array parameters to be graphically edited.
VEORIENT - Specifies brick element orientation for volume mapped (hexahedron) meshing.
VEXT - Generates additional volumes by extruding areas.
*VFACT - Applies a scale factor to array parameters.
*VFILL - Fills an array parameter.
VFOPT - Specifies options for view factor file.
VFQUERY - Queries and prints element Hemicube view factors and average view factor.
VFSM - Adjusts view factor matrix to satisfy reciprocity and/or row sum properties.
*VFUN - Performs a function on a single array parameter.
VGEN - Generates additional volumes from a pattern of volumes.
*VGET - Retrieves values and stores them into an array parameter.
VGET - Moves a variable into an array parameter vector.
VGLUE - Generates new volumes by "gluing" volumes.
/VIEW - Defines the viewing direction for the display.
VIMP - Improves the quality of the tetrahedral elements in the selected volume(s).
VINP - Finds the pairwise intersection of volumes.
VINV - Finds the intersection of volumes.
*VITRP - Forms an array parameter by interpolation of a table.
*VLEN - Specifies the number of rows to be used in array parameter operations.
VLIST - Lists the defined volumes.
VLSCALE - Generates a scaled set of volumes from a pattern of volumes.
*VMASK - Specifies an array parameter as a masking vector.
VMESH - Generates nodes and volume elements within volumes.
VOFFST - Generates a volume, offset from a given area.
VOLUMES - Specifies "Volumes" as the subsequent status topic.
*VOPER - Operates on two array parameters.
VOVLAP - Overlaps volumes.
*VPLOT - Graphs columns (vectors) of array parameters.
VPLOT - Displays the selected volumes.
VPTN - Partitions volumes.
*VPUT -  Restores array parameter values into the ANSYS database.
VPUT - Moves an array parameter vector into a variable.
*VREAD - Reads data and produces an array parameter vector or matrix.
VROTAT - Generates cylindrical volumes by rotating an area pattern about an axis.
VSBA - Subtracts areas from volumes.
VSBV - Subtracts volumes from volumes.
VSBW - Subtracts intersection of the working plane from volumes (divides volumes).
/VSCALE - Scales the length of displayed vectors.
*VSCFUN - Determines properties of an array parameter.
VSEL - Selects a subset of volumes.
VSLA - Selects those volumes containing the selected areas.
*VSTAT - Lists the current specifications for the array parameters.
VSUM - Calculates and prints geometry statistics of the selected volumes.
VSWEEP - Fills an existing unmeshed volume with elements by sweeping the mesh from an adjacent area through the volume.
VSYMM - Generates volumes from a volume pattern by symmetry reflection.
/VT - Enters the Variational Technology preprocessor.
VTCLR - Clears the Variational Technology database.
VTDISC - Defines an element component as a discrete input variable for the DesignXplorer.
VTEVAL - Triggers evaluation of generated results based on input variables specified via the VTVMOD command.
VTFREQ - Defines the frequency as input variable for the harmonic sweep functionality of VT Accelerator.
VTGEOM - Defines a geometry parameter created with ANSYS MeshMorpher as a DesignXplorer input variable.
VTIN - Defines an inertial load as an input variable for DesignXplorer.
VTMETH - Defines the solution options for the DesignXplorer.
VTMP - Defines a material property as an input variable for DesignXplorer.
VTOP - Defines options value for the DesignXplorer.
VTPOST - Launches the DesignXplorer postprocessing application.
VTRAN - Transfers a pattern of volumes to another coordinate system.
VTREAL - Defines a real constant property as an input variable for the DesignXplorer.
VTRFIL - Specifies the file to which DesignXplorer results are written.
VTRSLT - Defines a result quantity for the DesignXplorer.
VTSEC - Defines a section property as an input variable for DesignXplorer.
VTSFE - Defines a surface load as an input variable for the DesignXplorer.
VTSL - Selects a subset of elements associated with a VT input variable.
VTSTAT - Print the status of the DesignXplorer definitions and settings into a separate window.
VTTEMP - Defines the temperature as input variable for the DesignXplorer.
VTVMOD - Modifies the status or current value of an input variable for the DesignXplorer.
VTYPE - Specifies the viewing procedure used to determine the form factors for the Radiation Matrix method.
/VUP - Specifies the global Cartesian coordinate system reference orientation.
*VWRITE - Writes data to a file in a formatted sequence.
/WAIT - Causes a delay before the reading of the next command.
WAVES - Initiates reordering.
WERASE - Erases all reordering wave lists.
WFRONT - Estimates wavefront statistics.
/WINDOW - Defines the window size on the screen.
WMID - Specifies reordering options for the WAVES command.
WMORE - Adds more nodes to the starting wave list.
WPAVE - Moves the working plane origin to the average of specified points.
WPCSYS - Defines the working plane location based on a coordinate system.
WPLANE - Defines a working plane to assist in picking operations.
WPOFFS - Offsets the working plane.
WPROTA - Rotates the working plane.
WPSTYL - Controls the display and style of the working plane.
WRFULL - Stops solution after assembling global matrices.
WRITE - Writes the radiation matrix file.
WSORT - Initiates element reordering based upon a geometric sort.
WSPRINGS - Creates weak springs on corner nodes of a bounding box of the currently selected elements.
WSTART - Defines a starting wave list.
WTBCREATE - Creates a USER300 element to model the turbine for full aeroelastic coupling analysis and specifies relevant settings for the analysis.
/XFRM - Controls the centroid or the axis of dynamic rotation.
/XRANGE - Specifies a linear abscissa (X) scale range.
XVAR - Specifies the X variable to be displayed.
/YRANGE - Specifies a linear ordinate (Y) scale range.
/ZOOM - Zooms a region of a display window.
